.\"                                      Hey, EMACS: -*- nroff -*-
.\" First parameter, NAME, should be all caps
.\" Second parameter, SECTION, should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parameters are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.TH STARFIGHTER 6 "September 5, 2020"
.\" Please adjust this date whenever revising the manpage.
.\"
.\" Some roff macros, for reference:
.\" .nh        disable hyphenation
.\" .hy        enable hyphenation
.\" .ad l      left justify
.\" .ad b      justify to both left and right margins
.\" .nf        disable filling
.\" .fi        enable filling
.\" .br        insert line break
.\" .sp <n>    insert n+1 empty lines
.\" for manpage-specific macros, see man(7)
.SH NAME
starfighter \- 2D shoot em up
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B starfighter
.RI [ options ]
.SH DESCRIPTION
This manual page briefly documents
.B Project: Starfighter.

In the year 2579, the intergalactic weapons corporation, WEAPCO, has
dominated the galaxy. Guide Chris Bainfield and his friend Sid Wilson on
their quest to liberate the galaxy from the clutches of WEAPCO. Along
the way, you will encounter new foes, make new allies, and assist local
rebels in strikes against the evil corporation.

Originally developed by Parallel Realities in 2003, Project: Starfighter
is a side-scrolling shoot 'em up space game, released under the GNU GPL.
Consisting of 26 engaging levels spanning four planetary systems, this
classic game will entertain for hours.

https://pr-starfighter.gitub.io
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options is included below.
.TP
.B \-noaudio
Disables sound and music.
.TP
.B \-mono
Mono sound output (best for headphones).
.SH AUTHOR
This manual page was written by Bartosz Fenski <fenio@debian.org>,
for the Debian project (but may be used by others). Modified by The
Diligent Circle <diligentcircle@riseup.net> for official use by Project:
Starfighter.
