.Dd October 6, 2013
.Dt WIZZNIC 6
.Os
.Sh NAME
.Nm wizznic
.Nd brick-matching puzzle game
.Sh SYNOPSIS
.Nm wizznic
.Op Fl f
.Op Fl w
.Op Fl z Ar mult
.Op Fl sw
.Op Fl gl
.Op Fl glwidth Ar width
.Op Fl glheight Ar height
.Op Fl glfilter Ar filter
.Op Fl d Ar packname
.Sh DESCRIPTION
.Nm
is a brick-matching puzzle game, an improved version of Puzznic.
The challenge is to clear each level of bricks by moving the bricks next to
each other.
This sounds a lot easier than it is.
The bricks are heavy, so you can only push them, not lift them up.
.Pp
The options are as follows:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl f
Start in fullscreen.
.It Fl w
Start in windowed mode.
.It Fl z Ar mult
Software scale to (320\(mu240) \(mu
.Ar mult .
This is more CPU intensive than OpenGL scaling.
.El
.Pp
If
.Nm
is compiled with OpenGL scaling support, these options are available:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl sw
Disable OpenGL scaling.
.It Fl gl
Enable OpenGL scaling.
.It Fl glwidth Ar width
Enable OpenGL scaling and set width resolution to
.Ar width
pixels.
Use \(mi1 for autodetection.
.It Fl glheight Ar height
Enable OpenGL scaling and set height resolution to
.Ar height
pixels.
Use \(mi1 for autodetection.
.It Fl glfilter Ar filter
.Ar filter
can be one of:
.Bl -inset -compact -width xxxxx -offset xxxxx
.It 0
Sharp/Pixelated
.It 1
Smooth/Soft
.El
.El
.Pp
For level creators:
.Bl -tag -width Ds
.It Fl d Ar packname
Dumps tga screenshots of each level in the pack
.Ar packname .
Use the tools/updatelevelpreviews.sh script for this, it will also cut the
screenshots to size.
.Fl d
must stand alone with its argument\(emno other flags are allowed at the same
time.
.El
.Sh FILES
.Pa ~/.wizznic/settings.ini
.Sh AUTHORS
.An Jimmy Christensen Aq Mt dusted@dusted.dk
.Sh HOMEPAGE
.Lk http://www.wizznic.org/ Wizznic!
