{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf949
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
\paperw11899\paperh16839\margl1440\margr1440\vieww13880\viewh14420\viewkind0
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\f0\b\fs50 \cf0 TTEP 7.0
\b0\fs24 \
\

\b\fs42 \

\fs36 What is this?
\b0\fs24 \
\
The TTEP (Total Texture Enhancement Package) is a massive package containing remakes of the original textures from the Marathon trilogy. It replaces the original low-quality textures with new high-ress versions with a maximum size of 1024x1024 pixels. I've tried to get them as close to the originals as possible, but many are very hard to replicate.\
\

\b\fs34 How to install:
\fs38 \

\b0 \
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\ql\qnatural

\fs24 \cf0 Very easy, just drag and drop the script (text file) for each of the games into their "scripts" folder (the scripts folder should be in the same folder as your Aleph One application). The folder called "M1 Textures" , "Marathon 2 Textures" or "Marathon Infinity Textures" should be placed in the same folders as the game's application.\
\
Now just run Marathon like you normally do and make sure OpenGL is enabled. If the textures slow your game down to much, you can always size 'em down from 1024 all the way to 256 square pixels in size and everything in between.\
To do this, go to your "Rendering Options" and put the "Texture Replacement" (for walls in this case) setting to whatever you like. Selecting "Unlimited" will get you the highest quality textures, choosing "Normal" will give you the smallest in size.\
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b\fs34 \cf0 What's new in version 7.0:
\b0 \
\
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\fs32 \cf0 - Script files have been cleaned up and files have been renamed to make it more clear how to install.\
\
- All textures are now .DDS files, with increased performance as well as quality!\
\
- Textures can now be scaled down in Aleph One's OpenGL settings. This also makes the TTEP a single size package, there's no longer 4 different sizes.\
\
- A lot of the textures have tiny flaws removed, some are completely redone to make them look better.\
\
- The Textures are now divided by their games, meaning you're not forced to download and use the Marathon 2 Textures when you only want the Marathon 1 replacements for example.\

\fs28 \
\pard\tx565\tx1133\tx1700\tx2266\tx2832\tx3401\tx3967\tx4535\tx5102\tx5669\tx6235\tx6802\ql\qnatural

\b\fs36 \cf0 Tips:
\b0\fs28 \
\
 - Do not change any of the file names or drag textures over from one folder to another, this will mess up the 'filepath' and AO wont be able to load your textures correctly.\
\
- Make sure you've got the latest version of Aleph One, while not necessary I always recommend this.\
\
- If you're experiencing problems with installing, performance or crashes and whatnot, please feel free to contact me. Of course feedback is always welcome as well.\
\
I hope you enjoy them, have fun! -Tim Vogel, 2007\
timvogel87@mac.com}